RHDEVDOCS-5792: Content creation for GitOps 1.12.0 RN (#72708)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-12-0.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-0_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.0

{gitops-title} 1.12.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, and 4.14.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="gitops-1-12-0-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
=== RHSA-xxxx:nnnn - {gitops-title} 1.12.0 security update advisory

> Issued: 2024-03-14

Author: Hey Darragh, the details are not available to me yet. I will populate it once I get more information from my fellow peer writer.

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:6220[RHSA-xxxx:nnnn]

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

*The Title and errata number will change after the errata state moves from PUSH STATE to SHIPPED LIVE. The current entry is simply a placeholder at the moment*.

[id="new-features-1-12-0_{context}"]
== New features

> * With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and easily-installable RPM. The Argo CD CLI tool enables users to manage {gitops-title} from a terminal. Using this tool, users can manage ArgoCD resources, such as `Applications`, `ApplicationSets`, `AppProjects`, `User accounts`, and `GPG keys` from a client terminal. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3389[GITOPS-3389]

Reviewer: According to the IBM SG, use words like "easy" are best reserved when making comparisons.

Reviewer: >The Argo CD CLI tool enables users

"Enables" is a form of anthrophomorphism:

![Screenshot from 2024-03-12 16-22-36](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/b5663002-5840-4e95-829f-a83eff71dce7)

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and easily-installable RPM. The Argo CD CLI tool enables users to manage {gitops-title} from a terminal. Using this tool, users can manage ArgoCD resources, such as `Applications`, `ApplicationSets`, `AppProjects`, `User accounts`, and `GPG keys` from a client terminal. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3389[GITOPS-3389]

Author: Fixed.

[NOTE]
====

> The `argocd` executable binary file is included in the archives and the RPMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `argocd` executable binary file is included in the archive and RPM formats.
```

Author: Fixed.

====

[WARNING]
==== 	

> The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature.

Author: Fixed.

====

> * With this update, users can configure notifications in a dedicated `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). This configuration replaces the workflow in earlier releases of {gitops-title}. To configure notifications in earlier releases, you had to edit the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap manually. Users can now set `Triggers`, `Templates`, `Services`, and `Subscriptions` as fields in the new `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR), which is managed by the {gitops-title} Operator. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4130[GITOPS-4130]

Reviewer: users/you ? Why remove the "you" perspective?

Reviewer: Any way of avoiding stacked admonitions? Maybe use the following example to build "Technology Preview" into the title?

![Screenshot from 2024-03-12 16-31-13](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/b3f8badb-cc0a-43ec-9333-d87f04545ca7)

![Screenshot from 2024-03-12 16-32-06](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/826a5bd4-35d7-4572-9c5e-70c8ab6673ab)

Reviewer: Indent a note by using the plus "+" character.

Author: > users/you ? Why remove the "you" perspective?

Fixed. Trying to make it as a standard "you" perspective throughout the RN content.

Author: > Indent a note by using the plus "+" character.

Fixed.

Author: > Any way of avoiding stacked admonitions? Maybe use the following example to build "Technology Preview" into the title?
> 
> ![Screenshot from 2024-03-12 16-31-13](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/57954076/312161484-b3f8badb-cc0a-43ec-9333-d87f04545ca7.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3MTAzMTEwMTUsIm5iZiI6MTcxMDMxMDcxNSwicGF0aCI6Ii81Nzk1NDA3Ni8zMTIxNjE0ODQtYjNmOGJhZGItY2MwYS00M2VjLTkzMzMtZDg3ZjA0NTQ1Y2E3LnBuZz9YLUFtei1BbGdvcml0aG09QVdTNC1ITUFDLVNIQTI1NiZYLUFtei1DcmVkZW50aWFsPUFLSUFWQ09EWUxTQTUzUFFLNFpBJTJGMjAyNDAzMTMlMkZ1cy1lYXN0LTElMkZzMyUyRmF3czRfcmVxdWVzdCZYLUFtei1EYXRlPTIwMjQwMzEzVDA2MTgzNVomWC1BbXotRXhwaXJlcz0zMDAmWC1BbXotU2lnbmF0dXJlPTcxNTIwODQwNmQ0ZjJhNjkzZmU5ZjE5OGM5MjkxZjliNmUzZDY5M2U5MDY2MjdkMjhhNmMyZTM0NTA3NDBkYzQmWC1BbXotU2lnbmVkSGVhZGVycz1ob3N0JmFjdG9yX2lkPTAma2V5X2lkPTAmcmVwb19pZD0wIn0.I45z-EgBVVo0tETdhDQCJP-_blsnACICUonbe8nqexM)
> 
> ![Screenshot from 2024-03-12 16-32-06](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/57954076/312161487-826a5bd4-35d7-4572-9c5e-70c8ab6673ab.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3MTAzMTEwMTUsIm5iZiI6MTcxMDMxMDcxNSwicGF0aCI6Ii81Nzk1NDA3Ni8zMTIxNjE0ODctODI2YTViZDQtMzVkNy00NTcyLTljNWUtNzBjOGFiNjY3M2FiLnBuZz9YLUFtei1BbGdvcml0aG09QVdTNC1ITUFDLVNIQTI1NiZYLUFtei1DcmVkZW50aWFsPUFLSUFWQ09EWUxTQTUzUFFLNFpBJTJGMjAyNDAzMTMlMkZ1cy1lYXN0LTElMkZzMyUyRmF3czRfcmVxdWVzdCZYLUFtei1EYXRlPTIwMjQwMzEzVDA2MTgzNVomWC1BbXotRXhwaXJlcz0zMDAmWC1BbXotU2lnbmF0dXJlPTdkMjVkOGVjZjgyODJiMDJmZTllYzlkMWQ4NjZmYzcwYmFlOTc4NTI5ZWE0YWZiNzYyNGZjMmExMTAxYTAzMWYmWC1BbXotU2lnbmVkSGVhZGVycz1ob3N0JmFjdG9yX2lkPTAma2V5X2lkPTAmcmVwb19pZD0wIn0.wHjj2lwYNP-BjfyTmRoCDYmdL4XTqXMu2S2V7Hzo77M)

@dfitzmau - I am unsure about how to implement your suggestion?. Could you please elaborate?

Reviewer: With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and is an easier method for installation because it uses an RPM binary versus XM. 
+
TECH PREVIEW warning
+
By using the Argo CD CLI tool, you can complete the following tasks:
+
Manage Red Hat OpenShift GitOps from a terminal.
Manage ArgoCD resources, such as Applications, ApplicationSets, AppProjects, User accounts, and GPG keys from a client terminal. [GITOPS-3389](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3389)
+
NOTE

Reviewer: How about this to avoid two notes on top of each other (stacked notes).

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, users can configure notifications in a dedicated `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). This configuration replaces the workflow in earlier releases of {gitops-title}. To configure notifications in earlier releases, you had to edit the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap manually. Users can now set `Triggers`, `Templates`, `Services`, and `Subscriptions` as fields in the new `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR), which is managed by the {gitops-title} Operator. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4130[GITOPS-4130]

Reviewer: This release note takes a reverse approach to the before:now format. 

See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_bug_fix

Author: This is an important feature in the release and I want to make sure that the users understand it, so I have written it in this format. Could you let me know how to improve this with the approach you are suggesting?

Author: Fixed.

[NOTE]
====

> This update removes any configuration added to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. Users must take a backup of their configuration and update that in the `default-notifications-configuration` custom resource of kind `NotificationsConfiguration` after upgrading to the new version. Also, with this update, any modifications to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap are not allowed.

Author: Fixed, added a plus symbol before the note to ensure that the indentation is accurate.

====

> * With this update, two new fields `.spec.applicationSet.sourceNamespaces` and `.spec.applicationSet.scmProviders` are introduced in the `ArgoCD` CRD to support `ApplicationSet` in any namespaces. Administrators can use these fields to define certain namespaces that manage `ApplicationSet` resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3754[GITOPS-3754]

Author: I've checked a few previous versions of the GitOps release note and I have not found any instances of bold being applied to the JIRA name. Could I continue with the same format for my current release notes?

> * With this update, two new fields `.spec.applicationSet.sourceNamespaces` and `.spec.applicationSet.scmProviders` are introduced in the `ArgoCD` CRD to support `ApplicationSet` in any namespaces. Administrators can use these fields to define certain namespaces that manage `ApplicationSet` resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3754[GITOPS-3754]

Reviewer: Hi @Dhruv-Soni11 . Yes, you can skip this as GitOps has its own way, by the looks of things, for formatting link metadata.

* With this update, Argo CD server has the required permissions to manage `ApplicationSet` resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3762[GITOPS-3762]

* With this update, you can configure log levels, such as `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `panic` and `fatal`. The default log level set for the output is `info`. To change the log level, add the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` in the `.spec.config.env` field of the `Subscription` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4016[GITOPS-4016]

> 

Author: Fixed.

.Example
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: gitops-operator
  namespace: openshift-gitops-operator
spec:
  ...
  config:
    env:
    - name: LOG_LEVEL
      value: "error"
----

* With this update, Argo CD accepts the wildcard values in the `sourceNamespaces` field so that you can specify multiple namespaces or patterns of namespaces. To use this feature, specify the namespaces where Argo CD can manage applications in the `.spec.sourceNamespaces` field of the `ArgoCD` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3935[GITOPS-3935]

.Example
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-wildcard-pattern
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - app-team-*
   - namespace-2
----

> In this example, permissions are granted to namespaces that match the pattern `app-team-*`, such as `app-team-1`, `app-team-2`, and namespace-2, which does not use wildcard values.

Author: Fixed.

To grant permissions for all the namespaces on the Argo CD cluster using the `*` wildcard pattern, configure the `ArgoCD` CR in the following manner:

.Example
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-all-namespaces
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - '*'
----

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, the notifications controller could not use built-in functions in notification templates to obtain information about applications due to an incorrect repo-server address. This update fixes the issue by initializing the notification controller to use the correct repo-server address. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2867[GITOPS-2867]

Reviewer: repo-server correct? Long hand form better (repository server)?

Author: Yes, I agree with you. The long hand form is indeed better. Fixing it as per your suggestion.

> * Before this update, when a user created a `Job` from a `CronJob` resource, an error would appear. Now, users can create `Job` executions from a `CronJob` resource defined in a deployed Argo CD application. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3617[GITOPS-3617]

Reviewer: ![Screenshot from 2024-03-12 17-00-47](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/17dce206-fc61-498a-9da6-60fc4d74ab0c)

Author: Fixed.

== New features

* With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and is an easier method for installation because it uses an RPM binary versus XM. By using the Argo CD CLI tool, you can complete the following tasks:
** Manage {gitops-title} from a terminal.
** Manage ArgoCD resources, such as `Applications`, `ApplicationSets`, `AppProjects`, `User accounts`, and `GPG keys` from a client terminal. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3389[GITOPS-3389]
+
[NOTE]
====
The `argocd` executable binary file is included in the archive and RPM formats.
====
+
[WARNING]
==== 	
The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature.
====

* With this update, `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR) is now supported. Before this update, you had to update the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap to manage templates, triggers, services and subscriptions. With this release, you cannot modify the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. A new Custom Resource definition `NotificationsConfiguration` is introduced to manage the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4130[GITOPS-4130]
[NOTE]
====

> This update removes any configuration added to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. You must take a backup of your configuration and update the configuration/backup in the `default-notifications-configuration` custom resource of `kind:NotificationsConfiguration` after upgrading to the new version. Also, with this update, any modifications to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap are not allowed.

Reviewer 2: +1 to @dfitzmau

> This update removes any configuration added to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. You must take a backup of your configuration and update the configuration/backup in the `default-notifications-configuration` custom resource of `kind:NotificationsConfiguration` after upgrading to the new version. Also, with this update, any modifications to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap are not allowed.

Author: Fixed.

* There is currently a known issue on the {OCP} 4.15 cluster for the console {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin where users can experience some delay when fetching application data. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4234[GITOPS-4234]
+
Workaround: No workaround currently exists for this issue, so you must wait for the fetching of the application data to complete.

* There is currently a known issue that causes the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin to be disabled on the {OCP} 4.15 cluster. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4231[GITOPS-4231]
+
Workaround: Perform the following steps:
+
. Install the {gitops-title} Operator in your cluster
. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, navigate to *Home* -> *Overview*.
. On the *Overview* tab, click the *Dynamic plugins* link in the *Status* section. 
. To enable the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin, click *gitops-plugin* and then click *Enabled*. 

> 

Reviewer: Add a plus before to indent the sentence:

Some time, a notification with the message “Web console update is available” is displ

Author: Fixed.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-0_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.0

{gitops-title} 1.12.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

> [id="RHSA-2024:127897-gitops-1-12-0-security-update-advisory_{context}"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="RHSA-2024:1441-gitops-1-12-0-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
```

Author: Fixed.

> === RHSA-xxxx:nnnn - {gitops-title} 1.12.0 security update advisory

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 Errata info for now to get updated in the RN:

- RHSA-2024:127897

TY!

Author: Fixed.

> === RHSA-xxxx:nnnn - {gitops-title} 1.12.0 security update advisory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== RHSA-2024:1441 - {gitops-title} 1.12.0 security update advisory
```

Author: Fixed.

> Issued: 2024-03-14

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Issued: 2024-03-20
```

Author: Fixed.

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-XXXX:NNNN[RHSA-xxxx:nnnn]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:1441[RHSA-2024:1441]
```

Author: Fixed.

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

> *The Title and errata number will change after the errata state moves from PUSH STATE to SHIPPED LIVE. The current entry is simply a placeholder at the moment*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
Remove this.

Author: Fixed.

[id="known-issues-1-12-0_{context}"]
== Known Issues

* There is currently a known issue that changes the functionality of routing in the OpenShift Console Dynamic plugin, `dynamic-console-sdk`, that is used by the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin. This issue causes the horizontal navigation bar, which is used to switch between the *Application Overview* page and the *Deployment History* page for an application, on the *Application Overview* page to not function correctly. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4232[GITOPS-4232]
+
Workaround: To view the **Deployment History** page of an application, use the *Deployment History* link on the application instead of the link on the horizontal navigation bar on the *Application Overview* page. This issue has been observed on all supported cluster versions that use the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin.

> * There is currently a known issue on the {OCP} 4.15 cluster for the console {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin where users can experience some delay when fetching application data. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4234[GITOPS-4234]

Reviewer 3: Yeah I agree, it does apply to 4.14 as well. @Dhruv-Soni11

> * There is currently a known issue on the {OCP} 4.15 cluster for the console {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin where users can experience some delay when fetching application data. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4234[GITOPS-4234]

Author: Fixed.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-0_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.0

{gitops-title} 1.12.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, and 4.14.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

[id="gitops-1-12-0-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
=== RHSA-xxxx:nnnn - {gitops-title} 1.12.0 security update advisory

Issued: 2024-03-14

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:6220[RHSA-xxxx:nnnn]

If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

*The Title and errata number will change after the errata state moves from PUSH STATE to SHIPPED LIVE. The current entry is simply a placeholder at the moment*.

[id="new-features-1-12-0_{context}"]
== New features

> * With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and is an easier method for installation because it uses an RPM binary versus XM. By using the Argo CD CLI tool, you can complete the following tasks:

Reviewer: productized is missing something. Should it state a "productized version of something"?

"versus XM" is intentional until an SME confirm ation?

** Manage {gitops-title} from a terminal.
** Manage ArgoCD resources, such as `Applications`, `ApplicationSets`, `AppProjects`, `User accounts`, and `GPG keys` from a client terminal. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3389[GITOPS-3389]
+
[NOTE]
====
The `argocd` executable binary file is included in the archive and RPM formats.
====
+
[WARNING]
==== 	
The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature.
====

> * With this update, `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR) is now supported. Before this update, you could update the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap to manage their templates, triggers, services and subscriptions. After this update, you cannot modify the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. A new Custom Resource definition `NotificationsConfiguration` is introduced to manage the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4130[GITOPS-4130]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With this update, `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR) is now supported. Before this update, you had to update the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap to manage templates, triggers, services and subscriptions. With this release, you cannot modify the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. A new Custom Resource definition `NotificationsConfiguration` is introduced to manage the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4130[GITOPS-4130]
```

Reviewer: A customer can update `NotificationsConfiguration`?

Author: Yes, as per the information provided in the release notes document. Fixed.

+
[NOTE]
====

> This update removes any configuration added to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. Users must take a backup of their configuration and update that in the `default-notifications-configuration` custom resource of kind `NotificationsConfiguration` after upgrading to the new version. Also, with this update, any modifications to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update removes any configuration added to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. You must take a backup of your configuration and update the configuration/backup in the `default-notifications-configuration` custom resource of `kind:NotificationsConfiguration` after upgrading to the new version. Also, with this update, any modifications to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap are not allowed.
```

Author: Fixed.

====

* With this update, two new fields `.spec.applicationSet.sourceNamespaces` and `.spec.applicationSet.scmProviders` are introduced in the `ArgoCD` CRD to support `ApplicationSet` in any namespaces. Administrators can use these fields to define certain namespaces that manage `ApplicationSet` resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3754[GITOPS-3754]

* With this update, Argo CD server has the required permissions to manage `ApplicationSet` resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3762[GITOPS-3762]

* With this update, you can configure log levels, such as `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `panic` and `fatal`. The default log level set for the output is `info`. To change the log level, add the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` in the `.spec.config.env` field of the `Subscription` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4016[GITOPS-4016]
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: gitops-operator
  namespace: openshift-gitops-operator
spec:
  ...
  config:
    env:
    - name: LOG_LEVEL
      value: "error"
----

> * With this update, Argo CD accepts the wildcard values in the `sourceNamespaces` field so that you can specify multiple namespaces or patterns of namespaces. To use this feature, specify the namespaces where Argo CD can manage applications in the `.spec.sourceNamespaces` field of the `ArgoCD` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3935[GITOPS-3935]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With this update, Argo CD accepts the wildcard values in the `sourceNamespaces` field so that you can specify multiple namespaces or patterns for namespaces. To use this feature, specify the namespaces where Argo CD can manage applications in the `.spec.sourceNamespaces` field of the `ArgoCD` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3935[GITOPS-3935]
```

Author: Fixed.

+
.Example
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-wildcard-pattern
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - app-team-*
   - namespace-2
----

> 

Reviewer: Add a plus (+) before each paragraph to fix the indentation and the floating plus.

Author: Fixed.

In the previous example, permissions are granted to namespaces that match the pattern `app-team-*`, such as `app-team-1`, `app-team-2`, and namespace-2, which does not use wildcard values.

To grant permissions for all the namespaces on the Argo CD cluster using the `*` wildcard pattern, configure the `ArgoCD` CR in the following manner:
+
.Example
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-all-namespaces
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - '*'
----

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, the notifications controller could not use built-in functions in notification templates to obtain information about applications due to an incorrectrepository server address. This update fixes the issue by initializing the notification controller to use the correct repository server address. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2867[GITOPS-2867]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the notifications controller could not use built-in functions in notification templates to obtain information about applications because of an incorrect repository server address. This update fixes the issue by initializing the notification controller to use the correct repository server address. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2867[GITOPS-2867]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, when a user created a `Job` from a `CronJob` resource, an error is displayed. Now, users can create `Job` executions from a `CronJob` resource defined in a deployed Argo CD application. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3617[GITOPS-3617]

Reviewer: Some reviewers get hung up with the word "Now", so maybe follow the RH SSG example: 

![Screenshot from 2024-03-13 09-19-28](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/5cdac652-8f9b-459f-be67-e98e3422e0a8)

Author: Thanks for pointing this out Darragh. Added feedback.

> * Before this update, in some instance when applications are deleted, their application environment card would remain in a half-deleted state until the page was refreshed. Now, the application environment card will be removed from the UI automatically after the Argo CD application is deleted. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2677[GITOPS-2677]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, in some instance when applications are deleted, their application environment card would remain in a half-deleted state until the page was refreshed. Now, the application environment card is removed from the UI automatically after the Argo CD application is deleted. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2677[GITOPS-2677]
```

![Screenshot from 2024-03-13 09-20-53](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/6e25dfc0-c619-4d7c-a4fb-485a026c1b19)

Author: Fixed.

* Before this update, when a user deleted apps and namespaces in Argo CD, in some cases, the {gitops-title} plugin would display an error message. This update fixes the issue by updating some components from the dynamic plugin SDK and provides better error handling. As a result, the error message is not displayed after deleting apps or namespaces. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2746[GITOPS-2746]

> * Before this update, the password for admin user used to reset to the default password when it was updated by the Argo CD CLI or the Argo CD UI. This update fixes the issue and the user can now update the admin password and the password is no longer set to default. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3581[GITOPS-3581]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the password for the `admin` role was used to reset to the default password when it was updated by the Argo CD CLI or the Argo CD UI. This update fixes the issue and the user can now update the admin password and the password is no longer set to default. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3581[GITOPS-3581]
```

Reviewer: ![Screenshot from 2024-03-13 09-23-15](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/865bf03f-7f58-4eb1-a2ed-1434eb2128e9)

Author: Fixed.

[id="known-issues-1-12-0_{context}"]
== Known Issues

> * There is currently a known issue that changes the functionality of routing in the OpenShift Console Dynamic plugin, `dynamic-console-sdk`, that is used by the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin. This issue causes the horizontal navigation bar, which is used to switch between the Application Overview page and the Deployment History page for an application, on the Application Overview page to not function correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is currently a known issue that changes the functionality of routing in the OpenShift Console Dynamic plugin, `dynamic-console-sdk`, that is used by the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin. This issue causes the horizontal navigation bar, which is used to switch between the *Application Overview* page and the *Deployment History* page for an application, on the *Application Overview* page to not function correctly.
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> Workaround: To view the Deployment History of an application, use the *Deployment History* link on the application instead of the link on the horizontal navigation bar on the Application Overview page. This issue has been observed on all supported cluster versions that use the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workaround: To view the **Deployment History** page of an application, use the *Deployment History* link on the application instead of the link on the horizontal navigation bar on the *Application Overview* page. This issue has been observed on all supported cluster versions that use the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * There is currently a known issue on the {OCP} 4.15 cluster for the console {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin where users may experience some delay when fetching application data.

Reviewer: Just checking that GitOps does not have an attribute for 4.15?

Reviewer: may/might

![Screenshot from 2024-03-13 09-26-08](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/ffa4de84-845e-49c6-b699-6ecff07a6d51)

Author: Unsure about the 4.15 attribute, will confirm it with my reviewer. Fixed.

+

> Workaround: There is currently no workaround for this issue. It is recommended to wait for fetching the application data.

Reviewer: "Recommendations" can be tricky and the IBM SG states to avoid them. How about:

"No workaround currently exists for this issue, so you must wait for the fetching of the application data to complete".

Author: Nice suggestion, fixing it as per your feedback.

* There is currently a known issue that causes the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin to be disabled on the {OCP} 4.15 cluster.
+
Workaround: Perform the following steps:

> 

Reviewer: Indent with pluses.

+
Workaround...
+
NOTE
+
Procedure step 1

Author: Fixed.

[NOTE]

> ====

Reviewer: Maybe the note could be removed. Instead add the sentence to the procedure lead-in sentence.

Author: Fixed.

* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in your cluster.
====

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, navigate to *Home* -> *Overview*.

> . On the Overview tab, click the `Dynamic plugins` link in the Status section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Overview* tab, click the *Dynamic plugins* link in the *Status* section. 
```

Author: Fixed.

> . To enable the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin, click `gitops-plugin` and then click `Enabled`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To enable the {gitops-title} Dynamic Plugin, click *gitops-plugin* and then click *Enabled*. 
```

Author: Fixed.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-0_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.0

{gitops-title} 1.12.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, and 4.14.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

TBD

[id="new-features-1-12-0_{context}"]
== New features

* With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and easily-installable RPM. The Argo CD CLI tool enables users to manage {gitops-title} from a terminal. Using this tool, users can manage ArgoCD resources, such as `Applications`, `ApplicationSets`, `AppProjects`, `User accounts`, and `GPG keys` from a client terminal. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3389[GITOPS-3389]

[NOTE]
====
The `argocd` executable binary file is included in the archives and the RPMs.
====

[WARNING]
==== 	
The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature.
====

> * With this update, users can configure notifications in a dedicated `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). This configuration replaces the workflow in earlier releases of {gitops-title}. To configure notifications in earlier releases, you had to edit the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap manually. Users can now set `Triggers`, `Templates`, `Services`, and `Subscriptions` as fields in the new `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR), which is managed by the {gitops-title} Operator. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4130[GITOPS-4130]

Reviewer 3: There is a note in the release note text for this [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_3Hjsc3rAGvmjNo2GY_oYGqEzeyNusEOes9DNMoar9Y/edit). I think we should add something here like: 

```
Note - This update removes any configuration added to `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap. We recommend users to take a backup of their configuration and update that in `default-notifications-configuration` custom resource of Kind `NotificationsConfiguration` after upgrading to the new version. Also with this update, any modifications to `argocd-notifications-cm`ConfigMap are not allowed.

```

Author: Thanks for providing this information @reginapizza. I have added this note after the content here.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-0_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.0

> {gitops-title} 1.12.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, and 4.14.

Reviewer 3: are we not doing 4.15? It's released now...

Author: It is released and I can add it too, pending further confirmation from you. I erred on the side of caution and did not include it. Please confirm if this release information can be included.

Reviewer 4: It seems like the announcement for 4.15 GA happens on March 19th so I believe e would need to make that change later

Reviewer 4: cc: @Srivaralakshmi

Author: Should I add that information now @varshab1210 or wait for the 19th although the release is going on March 14th. This is indeed a slight grey area. 

Tagging @iam-veeramalla and @reginapizza in this comment to get their views as well.

Author: > It seems like the announcement for 4.15 GA happens on March 19th so I believe e would need to make that change later

Hi @varshab1210 - As today is March 19th, I am including information about 4.15 in our RN. Please confirm if you are fine with this change. Thanks.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

> TBD

Author: @reginapizza - Do we need to document any Errata entries for this release? Keeping this section until you confirm. If there are no entries, I will delete this section.

Reviewer 3: sorry, I'm not sure what you mean by errata entries?

Reviewer 3: Hi @Dhruv-Soni11, this advisory has now been updated from a RHEA (Red Hat Enhancement Advisory) to a RHSA (Red Hat Security Advisory), so it will need that section now. Please coordinate with @Srivaralakshmi to understand how to get the info for that section as I'm a little unsure about that bit.

[id="new-features-1-12-0_{context}"]
== New features

> * With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and easily-installable RPM. The Argo CD CLI tool enables users to manage Red Hat OpenShift GitOps from a terminal. Using this tool, users can manage ArgoCD resources, such as Application, ApplicationSets, AppProjects, User accounts, and GPG keys from a client.

Reviewer 5: users can manage ArgoCD resources (Application, ApplicationSets, AppProjects, User accounts, GPG keys etc) from a client terminal.

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and easily-installable RPM. The Argo CD CLI tool enables users to manage Red Hat OpenShift GitOps from a terminal. Using this tool, users can manage ArgoCD resources, such as Application, ApplicationSets, AppProjects, User accounts, and GPG keys from a client.

Reviewer 3: Applications* (should be plural)

Author: Fixed.

[NOTE]
====
The `argocd` executable binary file is included in the archives and the RPMs.
====

[WARNING]
==== 	
The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature only.
====

> * With this update, two new fields `.spec. applicationSet.sourceNamespaces` and `.spec. applicationSet.scmProviders` are introduced in ArgoCD CRD to support `ApplicationSet` in any namespaces. Administrators use it to define certain namespaces that manage ApplicationSet resources.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* With this update, two new fields `.spec.applicationSet.sourceNamespaces` and `.spec.applicationSet.scmProviders` are introduced in ArgoCD CRD to support `ApplicationSet` in any namespaces. Administrators use it to define certain namespaces that manage ApplicationSet resources.
```

Author: Fixed.

* With this update, Argo CD server has the required permissions to manage `ApplicationSet` resources.

> * With this update, you can configure log levels such as "debug", "info", "warn", "error", "panic" and "fatal". The default log level set for the output is "info". Users can select an appropriate log level by adding the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` in Red Hat OpenShift GitOps subscription's field, `spec.config.env`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can configure log levels such as "debug", "info", "warn", "error", "panic" and "fatal". The default log level set for the output is "info". Users can select an appropriate log level by adding the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` in Red Hat OpenShift GitOps subscription's field, `.spec.config.env`.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * With this update, you can configure log levels such as "debug", "info", "warn", "error", "panic" and "fatal". The default log level set for the output is "info". Users can select an appropriate log level by adding the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` in Red Hat OpenShift GitOps subscription's field, `spec.config.env`.

Reviewer 3: Not 100% sure of docs standards wrt release notes, but I think the log levels should be in the format: `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `panic` and `fatal`. (backticks instead of quotes) 

If you look here under ApplicationSet logLevel they are like that. https://docs.openshift.com/gitops/1.11/argocd_instance/argo-cd-cr-component-properties.html#argo-cd-properties_argo-cd-cr-component-properties

Author: Fixed.

.Example
[source,yaml]
----
   yaml
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: gitops-operator
  namespace: openshift-gitops-operator
spec:
  ...
  config:
    env:
    - name: LOG_LEVEL
      value: "error"
----

> * With this feature, Argo CD uses the wildcard values in `sourceNamespaces` to specify multiple namespaces or patterns of namespaces. To use this feature, specify the namespaces where Argo CD can manage applications in the Argo CD YAML with `spec.sourceNamespaces`. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* With this feature, Argo CD uses the wildcard values in `sourceNamespaces` to specify multiple namespaces or patterns of namespaces. To use this feature, specify the namespaces where Argo CD can manage applications in the Argo CD YAML with `.spec.sourceNamespaces`. 
```

Author: Fixed.

.Example
[source,yaml]
----
yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-wildcard-pattern
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - app-team-*
   - namespace-2
----

In this example, permissions are granted to namespaces that match the pattern `app-team-*`, such as `app-team-1`, `app-team-2`, and namespace-2, which does not use wildcard values.

To grant permissions for all the namespaces on the Argo CD cluster using the `*` wildcard pattern, the following Argo CD CR configuration must be used:

.Example
[source,yaml]
----
yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-all-namespaces
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - '*'
----

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, the notifications controller could not use `built-in` functions in notification templates to obtain information about applications due to an incorrect repo-server address. This update fixes the issue by initializing the notification controller to use the correct repo-server address.

Reviewer 3: built-in is just a descriptor, I don't think it needs backticks

Author: Fixed.

> * In this update, users can go to the Argo CD Web UI and create job executions from a `cron` job defined in a deployed Argo CD application.

Reviewer 3: Sorry I know the example text we gave you didn't have this so I'm adding it now- generally under fixed issues in release notes we say what the issue was and then how it was fixed, otherwise it seems more like a feature. 

For this one, you can add something like "Before this update, when a user went to create a Job from a CronJob, they would get an error. Now, users can create job executions from a `cron` job defined in a deployed Argo CD application"

Author: Fixed.

> * In this update, the application environment card gets removed automatically after the Argo CD application is deleted. Refreshing or reloading of the Argo CD Web UI does not remove the application environment card.

Reviewer 3: same as above, need to add more context about the original issue... 

"Before this update, sometimes when applications are deleted, their cards would remain in a half-deleted state until the page was refreshed. Now the whole application environment card will be removed from the UI automatically after the Argo CD application is deleted."

Author: Fixed.

* Before this update, when a user deletes apps and namespaces in Argo CD, in some cases, the Red Hat GitOps plugin displays an error message. This update fixes the issue by updating some components from the dynamic plugin SDK and provides better error handling. As a result, these error messages are not displayed after deleting an apps or namespaces.

> * Before this update, the password for an admin user was reset to the default password automatically when the Argo CD CLI or Web UI was updated. This update fixes the issue and the user can now update the admin password and the password is no longer set to default.

Reviewer 3: The original text was "password for admin user used to reset with default password when updated by ArgoCD CLI or UI"... it's a nuanced difference but the password being updated by the CLI/UI vs when the CLI/UI are updated are different

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-12-0_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.12.0

{gitops-title} 1.12.0 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, and 4.14.

[id="errata-updates-1-12.0_{context}"]
== Errata updates

TBD

[id="new-features-1-12-0_{context}"]
== New features

* With this update, the Argo CD CLI is supported and accessible as a productized and easily-installable RPM. The Argo CD CLI tool enables users to manage Red Hat OpenShift GitOps from a terminal. Using this tool, users can manage ArgoCD resources (Applications, ApplicationSets, AppProjects, User accounts, GPG keys etc) from a client terminal. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3389[GITOPS-3389]

[NOTE]
====
The `argocd` executable binary file is included in the archives and the RPMs.
====

[WARNING]
==== 	

> The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature only.

Author: I think this is a good point that we can add in a different section called as [Technology Preview Features](https://docs.openshift.com/gitops/1.10/release_notes/gitops-release-notes.html#GitOps-technology-preview_gitops-release-notes) in our current documentation. However, I would only like to implement it if @Srivaralakshmi feels the same as we have not added anything like this for other similar notes in the GitOps RN.

WDYT about this @Srivaralakshmi?

> The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature only.

Reviewer 2: @shipsing and @Dhruv-Soni11 The support scope is already mentioned here: https://docs.openshift.com/gitops/1.11/release_notes/gitops-release-notes.html#GitOps-compatibility-support-matrix_gitops-release-notes. 

See the 1st line: Some features in this release are currently in [Technology Preview](https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview).

As short understanding about TP feature is here: https://docs.openshift.com/gitops/1.11/release_notes/gitops-release-notes.html#GitOps-technology-preview_gitops-release-notes

> The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature only.

Reviewer 6: yes, @Dhruv-Soni11

> The Argo CD CLI tool is a Technology Preview feature only.

Author: Thanks for the confirmation @shipsing. Marking this comment as resolved.

====

* With this update, users can configuration notifications in a dedicated `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR). This process replaces the workflow in earlier releases of {gitops-title}. To configure this feature in earlier releases, you had to edit the `argocd-notifications-cm` ConfigMap manually. Users can now set Triggers, Templates, Services, and Subscriptions as fields in the new `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR), which is managed by the {gitops-title} Operator. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4130[GITOPS-4130]

> * With this update, two new fields `.spec.applicationSet.sourceNamespaces` and `.spec.applicationSet.scmProviders` are introduced in ArgoCD CRD to support `ApplicationSet` in any namespaces. Administrators use it to define certain namespaces that manage `ApplicationSet` resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3754[GITOPS-3754]

Author: Fixed.

* With this update, Argo CD server has the required permissions to manage `ApplicationSet` resources. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3762[GITOPS-3762]

> * With this update, you can configure log levels such as `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `panic` and `fatal`. The default log level set for the output is `info`. Users can select an appropriate log level by adding the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` in Red Hat OpenShift GitOps subscription's field, `.spec.config.env`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4016[GITOPS-4016]

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can configure log levels, such as `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `panic` and `fatal`. The default log level set for the output is `info`. To change the log level, add the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` in the `.spec.config.env` field of the `Subscription` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-4016[GITOPS-4016]
```

Author: Fixed.

.Example
[source,yaml]
----

>    yaml

Reviewer 6: do we need this line?? We usually start from the `apiVersion` field.

apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: gitops-operator
  namespace: openshift-gitops-operator
spec:
  ...
  config:
    env:
    - name: LOG_LEVEL
      value: "error"
----

> * With this feature, Argo CD uses the wildcard values in `sourceNamespaces` to specify multiple namespaces or patterns of namespaces. To use this feature, specify the namespaces where Argo CD can manage applications in the Argo CD YAML with `.spec.sourceNamespaces`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3935[GITOPS-3935]

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* With this update, Argo CD accepts the wildcard values in the `sourceNamespaces` field so that you can specify multiple namespaces or patterns of namespaces. To use this feature, specify the namespaces where Argo CD can manage applications in the `.spec.sourceNamespaces` field of the `ArgoCD` CR. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3935[GITOPS-3935]
```

Author: Fixed.

.Example
[source,yaml]
----

> yaml

Reviewer 6: same comment
do we need this line?? We usually start from the `apiVersion` field.

Author: Fixed, removing YAML as per your suggestion.

apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-wildcard-pattern
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - app-team-*
   - namespace-2
----

In this example, permissions are granted to namespaces that match the pattern `app-team-*`, such as `app-team-1`, `app-team-2`, and namespace-2, which does not use wildcard values.

> To grant permissions for all the namespaces on the Argo CD cluster using the `*` wildcard pattern, the following Argo CD CR configuration must be used:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
To grant permissions for all the namespaces on the Argo CD cluster using the `*` wildcard pattern, configure the `ArgoCD` CR in the following manner:
```

Author: Fixed.

.Example
[source,yaml]
----

> yaml

Reviewer 6: do we need this line?? We usually start from the `apiVersion` field.

Author: Fixed.

apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd-all-namespaces
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
    - '*'
----

[id="fixed-issues-1-12-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Before this update, the notifications controller could not use built-in functions in notification templates to obtain information about applications due to an incorrect repo-server address. This update fixes the issue by initializing the notification controller to use the correct repo-server address. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2867[GITOPS-2867]

> * Before this update, when a user created a `Job` from a `CronJob`, an error would appear. Now, users can create `Job` executions from a `CronJob` defined in a deployed Argo CD application. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-3617[GITOPS-3617]

Reviewer 6: What is the entity type for `CronJob`? is it an object or resource or anything else?

Author: Fixed, changing the term from `CronJob` to `CronJob` resource.

* Before this update, in some instance when applications are deleted, their application environment card would remain in a half-deleted state until the page was refreshed. Now, the application environment card will be removed from the UI automatically after the Argo CD application is deleted. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2677[GITOPS-2677]

> * Before this update, when a user deletes apps and namespaces in Argo CD, in some cases, the Red Hat GitOps plugin displays an error message. This update fixes the issue by updating some components from the dynamic plugin SDK and provides better error handling. As a result, these error messages are not displayed after deleting an apps or namespaces. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2746[GITOPS-2746]

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when a user deleted apps and namespaces in Argo CD, in some cases, the {gitops-title} plugin would display an error message. This update fixes the issue by updating some components from the dynamic plugin SDK and provides better error handling. As a result, the error message is not displayed after deleting apps or namespaces. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2746[GITOPS-2746]
```

Author: Fixed.
